{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red193\green193\blue193;
\red18\green138\blue2;\red254\green255\blue82;\red255\green255\blue102;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green12\blue26;
\red193\green193\blue193;\red255\green255\blue84;\red18\green139\blue2;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99971;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c80176\c80176\c79976;
\cssrgb\c0\c59671\c0;\cssrgb\c99554\c99457\c39208;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c40000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c5882\c5882\c13725;
\cssrgb\c80000\c80000\c80000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c40000;\cssrgb\c0\c60000\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww33620\viewh19500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
--- Day 1: Calorie Counting ---\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Santa's reindeer typically eat regular reindeer food, but they need a lot of\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://adventofcode.com/2018/day/25"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 magical energy}}\'a0to deliver presents on Christmas. For that, their favorite snack is a special type of\'a0\cf6 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr100\shado255 \shadc7 star\cf4 \shad0 \'a0fruit that only grows deep in the jungle. The Elves have brought you on their annual expedition to the grove where the fruit grows.\
To supply enough magical energy, the expedition needs to retrieve a minimum of\'a0\cf6 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr100\shado255 \shadc7 fifty stars\cf4 \shad0 \'a0by December 25th. Although the Elves assure you that the grove has plenty of fruit, you decide to grab any fruit you see along the way, just in case.\
Collect stars by solving puzzles. Two puzzles will be made available on each day in the Advent calendar; the second puzzle is unlocked when you complete the first. Each puzzle grants\'a0\cf6 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr100\shado255 \shadc7 one star\cf4 \shad0 . Good luck!\
The jungle must be too overgrown and difficult to navigate in vehicles or access from the air; the Elves' expedition traditionally goes on foot. As your boats approach land, the Elves begin taking inventory of their supplies. One important consideration is food - in particular, the number of\'a0\cf2 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr100\shado255 \shadc0 Calories\cf4 \shad0 \'a0each Elf is carrying (your puzzle input).\
The Elves take turns writing down the number of Calories contained by the various meals, snacks, rations,\'a0etc.\'a0that they've brought with them, one item per line. Each Elf separates their own inventory from the previous Elf's inventory (if any) by a blank line.\
For example, suppose the Elves finish writing their items' Calories and end up with the following list:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 1000\
2000\
3000\
\
4000\
\
5000\
6000\
\
7000\
8000\
9000\
\
10000\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0
\cf4 This list represents the Calories of the food carried by five Elves:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The first Elf is carrying food with\'a01000,\'a02000, and\'a03000\'a0Calories, a total of\'a0\cf2 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr100\shado255 \shadc0 6000\cf4 \shad0 \'a0Calories.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The second Elf is carrying one food item with\'a0\cf2 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr100\shado255 \shadc0 4000\cf4 \shad0 \'a0Calories.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The third Elf is carrying food with\'a05000\'a0and\'a06000\'a0Calories, a total of\'a0\cf2 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr100\shado255 \shadc0 11000\cf4 \shad0 \'a0Calories.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The fourth Elf is carrying food with\'a07000,\'a08000, and\'a09000\'a0Calories, a total of\'a0\cf2 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr100\shado255 \shadc0 24000\cf4 \shad0 \'a0Calories.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The fifth Elf is carrying one food item with\'a0\cf2 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr100\shado255 \shadc0 10000\cf4 \shad0 \'a0Calories.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0
\cf4 In case the Elves get hungry and need extra snacks, they need to know which Elf to ask: they'd like to know how many Calories are being carried by the Elf carrying the\'a0\cf2 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr100\shado255 \shadc0 most\cf4 \shad0 \'a0Calories. In the example above, this is\'a0\cf2 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr100\shado255 \shadc0 24000\cf4 \shad0 \'a0(carried by the fourth Elf).\
Find the Elf carrying the most Calories.\'a0\cf2 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr100\shado255 \shadc0 How many total Calories is that Elf carrying?\cf4 \shad0 \
Your puzzle answer was\'a068467.\
\cf6 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr100\shado255 \shadc7 The first half of this puzzle is complete! It provides one gold star: *\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \cb9 \shad0 --- Part Two ---\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0
\cf10 \cb9 By the time you calculate the answer to the Elves' question, they've already realized that the Elf carrying the most Calories of food might eventually\'a0\cf8 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr100\shado255 \shadc0 run out of snacks\cf10 \shad0 .\cb1 \
\cb9 To avoid this unacceptable situation, the Elves would instead like to know the total Calories carried by the\'a0\cf8 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr100\shado255 \shadc0 top three\cf10 \shad0 \'a0Elves carrying the most Calories. That way, even if one of those Elves runs out of snacks, they still have two backups.\cb1 \
\cb9 In the example above, the top three Elves are the fourth Elf (with\'a024000\'a0Calories), then the third Elf (with\'a011000\'a0Calories), then the fifth Elf (with\'a010000\'a0Calories). The sum of the Calories carried by these three elves is\'a0\cf8 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr100\shado255 \shadc0 45000\cf10 \shad0 .\cb1 \
\cb9 Find the top three Elves carrying the most Calories.\'a0\cf8 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr100\shado255 \shadc0 How many Calories are those Elves carrying in total?\cf10 \cb1 \shad0 \
\cb9 Your puzzle answer was\'a0203420.\
\cf11 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr100\shado255 \shadc7 Both parts of this puzzle are complete! They provide two gold stars: **\
\cf10 \shad0 At this point, you should\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://adventofcode.com/2022"}}{\fldrslt \cf12 return to your Advent calendar}}\'a0and try another puzzle.\
If you still want to see it, you can\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/1/input"}}{\fldrslt \cf12 get your puzzle input}}.\
You can also\'a0\cf12 [Share]\cf10 \'a0this puzzle.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr100\shado255 \shadc7 The first half of this puzzle is complete! It provides one gold star: *\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa373\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 \shad\shadx0\shady0\shadr100\shado255 \shadc7 \
}